( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
MY ROYAL NEMESIS
Hey, everyone. Have you guys ever heard of the "Star of the Temptress?"
I'm sure you guys remember the recent cosmic show in the sky, when the
total solar eclipse coincided with the
-comet. Well, that comet is still in -That's amazing!
The sky above us.
Can you see it through your phone? Yeah, look, it's there.
That's so amazing.
300 years ago, our ancestors also saw this comet, and it remained
visible for two months. They called it the "Star of the Temptress" and said
the name was because an evil woman suddenly appeared and
brought disaster.
You feel sorry for me?
It looks like he can't stay away from this woman.
POSSESSED WITH THE SPIRIT OF KIM DU-HAN, A WOMAN AS STRONG AS 100 MEN
Unit 203? What on earth? Jeez! She's actually physically assaulting
people now.
So take a good look around you, because you never know what the
stars have aligned. There may be an evil woman living right next door to you.
I better avoid getting involved with her. She's such a witch, man.
He's gonna get involved with her. I just know it.
Why do I keep getting involved with her. It's driving me insane.
EPISODE 5 FORBIDDEN FRUIT
She's always acting like she's so smart, but it looks to me like she got
ripped off.
There isn't even an elevator.
And the lights aren't working.
Are you crying?
Are you just sitting there crying all alone.
What do you want? Are you here looking for a fight?
Now, that's more like you, Shin Seo-ri.
Really? She's just some kind of model who has nothing to do with him?
That's right, sir. Mister Cha was actually against hiring
her at first. It was Mister Jang who strongly insisted we choose her.
Really?
Good. I knew it! Who do they think Se-gye is to associate with a random wannabe
actress?
Are you still in the process of checking? You have had more than enough time,
correct?
I don't know what you mean? I was done ages ago. I just thought you needed more
time because you were standing still.
No, I was done a while ago.
Really?
So, what's the verdict?
Stop rushing me for an answer like some kind of moneylender.
Don't forget what I said? With me, it's black or white, ally or enemy.
I don't do "just friends." That doesn't work for me, so you better give me a
straight answer… and hurry up.
Well, why should I go first? You answer first.
What?
Okay…
I can understand why "ladies first" wouldn't apply to confessing
your feelings. Man, I hate cookie-cutter storylines.
Alright, then…
I'll lock it down. That's my answer.
-You will do what? -I agree that I'm interested in you.
Oh, man!
What do you say? Don't you feel honored? I'm heir to the prestigious Chail Group
and one of the best-looking guys in the business world. Countless women have
pursued me, but this is the first time I have ever pursued anyone.
I take it, you're so moved, you literally can't find the words to
say something. Hey, I get it. I suppose your heart just skipped a beat, and your
extremities are tingling, am I right? Savor the feeling, because for a girl
like you, this is the kind of windfall that only comes around once in
a lifetime.
My extremities felt no tingling.
Oh, because it hasn't really sunk in yet, and you're still probably in
shock. I'd give it about five minutes until that tingling sensation
kicks in, and keeps you awake all night long.
I don't feel a single thing. Even when you were holding me just now, I felt
nothing.
That is not even possible. You were in the arms of a guy who literally oozes
pheromones.
Would you stop faking it, Shin Seo-ri? If you keep acting all tough, you're
only going to regret it later.
I am not acting all tough, I am tough. And also, I do not make up false excuses.
Wh-- Are you serious?
You're saying, you really don't feel anything. Even when I hugged you?
-That's right. -Um…
That's not even possible! You must have felt the same connection I did.
I didn't want to ask you about this, but are you still a "relationship virgin?"
At your age?
A what?
A "relationship virgin" is someone who's never dated.
Of course I have. At my age, with my looks, do you really think
men would leave me alone?
Is that right? Well, then, why… Well, then, why aren't you feeling
anything for me?
Repeating the question won't change the answer. The issue is, I don't see
you as a man. Does that satisfy you?
Huh? It's raining! Oh, no! Quickly!
I want you to keep an eye on him. Mun-do isn't the kind of guy to say
things without a reason, so I want you to find out who that woman was,
the one in the TV station.
She was the only woman he saw at the TV station.
Why are you being a scoundrel again? It does not matter if it is raining,
you do not follow a woman into her house when she lives alone.
You don't feel anything?
Is that still in your mind? No, I do not feel a thing. I felt less
than when I hugged that stray mutt.
You're kidding!
Will you stop being so pathetic and return to your own house!
Well, maybe it was because we only hugged for a moment. Maybe you're out of
practice. Maybe all your dating cells are dead and need warming up. Let me
try again. I'm sure you'll feel--
You're pathetic, Cha Se-gye. You must cease.
I'm pathetic? Me? I'm pathetic?
They say you should never cling to a woman who has already chosen
to pass you by. This is my house, please get out of here!
It must be so long since you've dated, that you've turned into some kind of
"romance eunuch." This is a one in a lifetime opportunity. The kind of
jackpot you may never win in your life. Even if karma was on your side.
First of all, I am not a eunuch, and regarding love or marriage in
this life. I have no desire to deal with such things, or get involved with men
ever again. Therefore, you have to stop clingling to me like a loser.
A "loser," really?
So, now you think you have the upper hand, is that it, Shin Seo-ri?
You really changed your mind fast, but okay, whatever. Your words
are permanently seared into my brain. Into my frontal lobe. You can't
take them back now.
You don't have to worry about that.
I am proud to say that not once in my life have I ever asked to take back
a move, not even at janggi.
Shin Seo-ri, you've gone in way too deep with your Joseon woman persona
and you've lost touch with reality. Nevertheless…
I'll make sure you regret this for the rest of your life, okay?
Okay?
I thought my heart was going to give out. And why did he want to hug me
so suddenly?
-I need an umbrella! -I don't have that kind of thing!
You don't have anything worthwhile in this house.
There's nothing wrong with my house! You can even see Namsan Tower.
Who the hell did this?
That's a really a deep scratch. The repair's gonna cost a fortune.
-Did you check the dashcam? -Forget that. Just get it fixed.
Hey, you should still try to find out who did this.
I said forget it. I can't find them, so leave it alone.
Wasn't the dashcam on?
How could someone as detailed as you forget to turn it on?
So, you think someone as detailed as me would've forgotten? I turned
it off on purpose. I can't have evidence that could potentially be used
against me.
Nowadays, people get charged for abuse of power, or whatever, solely based
on dashcam footage, which they can't deny. The only sure way to avoid
a charge is to not have evidence in the first place.
Why do you have to be so cynical?
NO MEMORY CARD
Hey, Mister Cha, you don't trust me either?
These days, it's the norm to not trust anyone or anything. This has
nothing to do with you. I don't trust anyone in this world except
for me, myself, and I.
Sir, don't be that way. You'll end up lonely if you keep doing that.
You know I have absolutely everything I want, so I won't be lonely.
But, you don't have a woman. Your whole life is just loneliness.
-Mister Son. -Yes, what is it?
I think I've been way too relaxed with you lately. The proper distance between
superior and subordinate has disappeared. You should watch yourself.
I'll watch myself.
-Look straight ahead. -I'll look straight ahead, sir.
Tell me, Shaman.
-Yes, ma'am. -Do you have the supplies?
Of course I do. Here they are, ma'am.
Very good.
Wait for me, please! Oh! Mr. Cha, good morning to you.
Ms. Kim, you seem to be extremely chipper these days.
"I don't smile because I'm happy, I'm happy because I smile." That's my
motto!
Life must be great for you if you can smile. You must have energy to spare.
Maybe you don't need a vacation this month.
Oh, well…
You see, I've already booked the flight to Saipan for my father-in-laws
70th birthday…
-Oh, well, you really can't miss that. -I know…
Congratulations to…
Thank you.
Tell your in-law to go by themselves. It'll be a nice, intimate trip for two.
Enjoying a little me time, that's what vacations are all about.
-Wow, you really should've told me. -We thought you knew!
-That was so mean. -Wow, that's really funny.
While we were drinking at that new place? I had no idea.
And the waitress didn't tip you off when she brought the drinks?
Mr. Son, help me understand something. Why do we provide snacks and coffee
in the breakroom?
Okay, then my turn.
-Uh… -That's great.
It's for the welfare of the employees when they take a--
Isn't that what their salaries are for?
-Why should I waste valuable square -There's a new bar opening soon.
Footage in this prime location just so the staff can snack during
work hours? Shut the breakroom down immediately.
Let's go next Friday.
Why is he all of a sudden in asshole mode again? Things in the office were really
good lately.
That's exactly when to be careful. He keeps track of everything and
throws it back in your face later.
-Mr. Son? -Yes, Mr. Cha.
Very nice reactivity, Mr. Son. I want you on full stand-by mode, understand?
He's really unwell.
Tell me, how's your cheek doing? I gave Se-gye a piece of my mind the other
day. How dare he act like a thug and punch you in the face?
Don't worry about me, Uncle.
Mun-do, you have to forgive him.
I already have. I forgive him. More importantly, the public's response was
very positive to our press release about the new resort.
That's great, Mun-do, it's all thanks to your foresight. There were so many
underperforming affiliates you've been able to revive so far. Given all
the incredible support you've provided, I think the time has come to
start planning the future. Succession of our family group. Just make sure
the resort project issue is taken care of.
Of course.
Excuse me, sir. Your lawyer, Mr. Choi, is here.
Fine. I guess I'll let you go, then.
Thank you, Uncle.
Here are the notarized documents. Basically, they state that every last
share the Chairman owns in the holding company, and in every
Chail affiliate, will go to Cha Se-gye.
Does Se-gye know?
Notarizing a will can be done with the person's resident registration
number and without consent. The chairman didn't want Mr. Cha Se-gye to know about
this.
I guess the chairman… really does love his grandson, after all.
Are you really sure this will ward off evil if we're using seonji?
We have no choice. This will have to do.
There's something I've learned, in my 20 years practicing as a shaman, and it's
that there really is such a thing as "The Law of Conservation of Misery."
You've finally found a job, you also found a place to live, and seeing
how you're dressed, it seems like your suffering is pretty much over now.
-Good things usually come with hurdles. -That's true.
There is almost always someone who will stab you in the back when you are
not expecting it. This is why I feel the need to ward off evil spirits with
this ritual.
What evil spirits?
At the age of 12, I was sold to pay my father's gambling debts. That's when
I learned my first life lesson.
That girl's miserable face is getting on my nerves. If you keep making that
face after you're sold, you won't last very long.
You don't have to worry. Being a slave in a noble household with food
in your belly is a hundred times better than starving at home.
Eat this. Here, it is a sweet treat. Just bite a piece.
Crying on an empty stomach will exhaust you.
Oh, dear…
That sort of kindness always comes with strings attached.
Here, and I'm being generous.
Innkeeper, you know very well she is worth five more nyang at least. Look at
the beautiful face she has, and in a few years, she'll be seducing all
the men. If you sell her to a Courtesan House later, you will surely be able to
afford a house in Bukchon. Trust me.
Do you really think so?
I learned to never trust a hand extended to you with a smile.
Hey! Hey!
Where do you think you're going?
Damn! You wretch!
Damn it! Would you look at this?
Lock her in the shed, and don't give her a drop of water.
That is when I made a vow to never trust anyone but myself. And to never be
sold again like livestock.
I'm rooting for both of you. I can truly promise you a bright future, a
comfortable one.
Wait, are you saying that someone is threatening to sell you?
No, he promised me a great reward if I were to sell myself.
I will not make the mistake of falling for such a sweet-talker.
Not ever again.
I understand.
But, if you live your life like that, won't it be lonely for you? You know,
not everyone you meet will end up being a scammer.
Are you okay? Did any of them hurt you?
No matter how harsh this new world may seem, not everyone is out to get you,
and not everyone is bad.
That is why I must be even more determined today. If I lose my focus,
no matter the charlatan, I will be weak. And in my situation if I am weak,
I am done for. That is why I have decided: In this life, I will not trust
just anyone. Instead, I will practice self-discipline and become a rich
Buddhist nun.
You'll become a rich… Buddhist nun. Really?
Money is the only thing that does not change in this world, so why should I
not worship it as well? I can see Namsan Tower now every time I open
my window. Within the blink of an eye, I replaced my view of a wall. I will
keep this view, and soar fearlessly up into the sky!
Yes! That's the way to do it!
I don't make her feel anything? Acting tough is only cute for a while.
Then why did she confuse me with that handwritten letter?
I've never been so humiliated in my life.
-Mr. Cha, a third-generation heir to a -Now, what's wrong?
I think you'll have to, since this will be the first and last time I offer
even a pittance for your tiny company. The price will drop by a billion won
every ten seconds.
When I think about how I was threatened and left with nothing by a CEO
young enough to be my son, I feel like I want to die.
A source, close to the group, was adamant that the Fair Trade Commission
must quickly take action to eradicate these vile practices, which seem
to rob the livelihood of Small Businesses, which are the backbone
of our national economy.
I let him pay instead of sending him to jail, and he does this? I didn't
take his livelihood?
THE EVIL CHAEBOL WHO STEALS THE LIVELIHOODS OF SMES
It looks like he wants revenge now that he's found out that the ingredients
in his products have finally been approved.
I've been making the headlines a lot lately. Will this affect our
stock price?
It's currently holding at 87,000 won. Since your identity is still unknown,
I'll ask our legal department to handle it before this affects the
stock price. Don't worry about it.
Well, I do worry. We don't have anything to drive up the stock price until
the launch, and we can't go under 80. Leave legal out of this, let's fight
the problem head-on.
And by fighting, you mean…
They're not attacking us through a legal court system, right?
They're manipulating public opinion. We fight fire with fire. Release the
photos of him going to the Casino with the money he stole from the employees
who he claims are like family. Then, the evidence of him swapping ingredients
with cheaper alternatives. Let's rip off his victim mask, and expose him for
the fraud he really is.
Yes, sir. I'll get right to it.
I save this man from prison and get stabbed in the back as repayment.
Seriously, no one ever knows how to be grateful.
I am very grateful to you. I have met many people since I arrived,
yet, you are the kindest and the one I am most grateful to. No, I do not feel a
thing. I felt less than the first time I hugged that stray mutt.
She has a personality disorder. Why does she change her mind like she's
playing hard to get?
Wait, it's because she is playing hard to get with me.
-Mr. Gu. -Tell her to stop, she can't do that.
Hey, Mr. Gu! Mr. Gu!
Mr. Gu!
-Mr. Gu! -Come on, wake up, Mr. Gu.
Mr. Gu, you have to wake up!
What's wrong?
There's something crazy going on on the roof.
Huh?
How many times have I told her to keep the noise down in the building?
What is that? Roof Unit! What's going on here?
Manager fellow.
Oh, my God!
Have you come to watch the ritual with us and eventually eat some tteok?
B-b-b-b-b-b-b-blood! Blood! Blood!
Do not be afraid, this is only seonji.
Why do you have to make it look so realistic?
I am about to throw my hat in the ring of fire, so I have painted this
on my face to ward off evil. Should I paint you, manager fellow?
PRESS RELEASE: THE REAL STORY BEHIND COMPANY B'S ABUSE-OF-POWER ALLEGATIONS
It closed at around 82,000 won. Because of all the rumors, it's
slightly down from where it was after the deepfake incident.
So we can't afford any more bad news. Release this with the evidence photos.
Focus specifically on the tabloids, and make sure the stock-market
gossip rags get it.
Our PR team already briefed the media outlets about the cheap-ingredient
substitutions, so why bother with--
What we need right now isn't a news article, but a campaign.
We have to give the public something to chew on. Put some meat on those bones
for them.
Excellent! Wow, if I may say so, you cleverness is truly on another level.
That reminds me, Mr. Son…
Nothing.
Very well.
Damn it.
I was curious about something, Mr. Son.
Of course, sir? I'm all ears.
Yes?
-Forget it. -Forget it?
Okay, what is it you want to know, sir? You've been trying to ask for something
for a while now.
Mr. Son, did you just raise your voice at me?
No, I did not do that, sir. I did not raise my voice. I just thought the
sooner you get it off your chest, the better you'll feel. There's no need to
stress over this so much. I was just a little excited in how I expressed
myself.
Seeing how strongly you seem to feel about it, I'll be honest with you if you
want. In a relationship scenario…with one playing hard-to-get, how are you
supposed to get the upper hand?
Who's hard to get?
Oh, no, it's on a show I've been watching on TV, you know… just to fall asleep.
Sure! In my opinion, timing is everything when it comes to playing the game of
love. The best thing to do is just to love bomb the person without
letting them pull away. Remember, love and war are the same thing.
So, what do you mean by love bombing? Is it just overwhelming them with
all you've got?
In the war of courtship, losing is winning. Just say: "I surrender.
I can't live without you." When you give up your pride and everything
else, that's when you truly have the upper hand to fight.
Wow…
So what about you, Mr. Son? Have you won your battles that way?
I've lost every battle. It's only a theory, after all.
-Start driving. -I'll start driving, sir.
Love bombing? Overwhelming them with all you've got?
Right… How can you have the upper hand with such predictable tactics?
Do you have anything else?
Of course, let me check. What didn't you like about this one?
The cut is kind of awkward. It's not sharp enough.
That's strange, because it's the same size as your tailored suits.
Then, maybe it's me. It's just predictable, that's all.
I'm finally throwing my hat into the ring.
GRANDMA
Wait… who are you?
Hello, Seo-ri, it's Grandma. Hey, are you alright after what happened
the other day?
Well, you know… you do not need to worry about me. Has anyone else been
causing trouble?
No, sweetie. You chased them all away. Hey, since when do you know how to
do all those fight moves?
Oh, well, that's… I have been learning a few thing. So, if they come back,
you have to call me right away, okay?
Okay, I will, it's fine. Oh, sweetie, I have customers, so don't you worry,
okay? And be sure to eat well, promise? I have to hang up now.
Hello, Seo-ri! How does it feel to be back on set? I'm sure it feels
better to be here as Senior Court Lady Kim as opposed to being
Palace Worker 28, right? Not many people could've gotten you a role like
that, you know?
It is not as if I am Chief Court Lady. No need to make such a fuss. I do not
have lines.
Even if the role doesn't have lines, with just one look, you can steal the
whole scene, okay? So, just make an effort.
Hey, did you check the feed?
-Of course, I did. -Are you sure? Oh, Mrs. Hong!
Hello, Director. How are you doing today?
-I'm glad you were able to make it on set. -What good would effort do…
-I wouldn't miss this for anything. -The result is what matters.
Hey, Shin Seo-ri. It looks like you finally got a role thanks to me. Try to
make the most of it, so no one finds out you were a last minute choice.
If you really want me to do well, stop hanging around me for no reason.
Nothing here bothers me except for your face.
Just remember, when the cameras start rolling, I am the Queen, and you're just
an everyday random palace worker, okay? Even I won't be able to save you if you
can't act. Let's go.
Okay. This way.
That vixen thinks she's high and mighty simply because she is dressed as a queen.
What's taking so long?
Oh! Oh, my god! Oh, no… I'm so sorry.
You should really be more careful.
Don't worry, I'll pay to have it cleaned. No, I'll compensate you for the suit.
You want to pay for this suit? Do you realize how much it costs?
Yes, I do know. I'm a regular here, too. And, since this was clearly my fault, I
should reimburse you.
I have to decline your offer. I'm quite capable of buying my own clothes.
Mr. Cha…
Are you all right, sir?
Has something happened to your suit since I left?
Would you follow me, please?
Just make another suit like this one. Send everything to my house.
But, sir, you just had a custom suit made for you last week. Why would
you need all these suits made?
Have you stopped eating because you ate yesterday?
Of course not. Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful for your business.
These suits are my battle armor.
There's a war coming soon that I will not lose.
When it's mating season in the animal kingdom, it's time for the fierce
courtship war to begin. Usually, the male will shower the female of his
choice with gifts in hopes of seducing her. Others, however, rely on
dazzling displays of beauty to catch her eye. The peacock is the perfect
example of this display. Watch as he fans out those tail feathers to show off all
of their beautiful color. This is a desperate display of peacocking to
avoid being passed over. Will our male peacock win the courtship war
and finally be chosen by the female he's actively pursuing? The answer will be
revealed in 60 seconds.
What did you say was on the food truck menu today?
Another stand-in.
-On set, please! -Stir-fried pork.
That sounds good.
Wow! Looks like you're moving up in the world. You have a name now. Kim So-yong,
Court Lady Kim.
It is you, servant. It has been a while. Is that a gache you're wearing?
Oh, yeah. Today, I'm a senior court lady. I heard you won this role after renewing
your contract. How did you convince Ms. Hong to do that? I thought she wanted to
end your contract. So, how come she changed her mind, then?
No need to dwell upon what has passed. We must only look to the future.
Good day.
She's really developed this air of self-assurance.
My head hurts… and I bet my neck'll hurt tonight.
Did they say we're shooting Scene 36 today?
Gong Tae-woo. Why do I have to find out you're cheating on me through social
media? You'd better text me while I'm still being nice.
Ji-hyo, that girl over there. Isn't she the one who went nuts last time?
Her name is Shin Seo-ri, right? She was the lead in that TV drama "Rain Shower."
You're right. Shin Seo-ri was the nation's pebble. You made your debut
in that drama too, didn't you?
Huh? Ji-hyo was in it too?
She was the president of the class next door. She was the obnoxious girl who
was always bullying the lead.
That's all ancient history!
Don't you remember how she crashed and burned six months later because
of her terrible acting? Jeez! Why on earth is she talking to the assistant
director anyway?
Listen, those two women sitting with that vixen. Are they supposed to be the Sukui
and Soyong?
What?
Who's a vixen?
I was talking about Yoon Ji-hyo. To my knowledge, pretending to be the queen
is the vixen's role. What is going on with her hair? And why are both of her
-sidekicks wearing a gache wig, huh? -What's wrong with that?
I'll tell you, during the reign of King Anjong, a clear ban on the gache wig
was issued. So, how can official Naemyeongbu concubines wear them so
shamelessly? Remove them at once!
Wait a second, who the hell do you think you are to tell me what to do?
Yeah, like the others.
-Hey! What are you doing here? I told you -I'll double-check.
To go get the DP.
I know, but this woman was complaining that the actresses shouldn't wear
gache wigs or whatever.
What? Do you doubt what I said? I know the Joseon Dynasty is no more,
and the Confucian order has fallen into ruin, yet historical accuracy
should still be upheld!
Hang on, you were, uh, the stand-in for Huibin Jang, right?
Huibin Jang? I am Huibin Kang!
Wow, listen to that voice projection. She can scold the hell outta you. I know
our drama shorts went viral, all thanks to your over-the-top
scolding act. But now you have to stop this persona thing because you
got noticed. You're in way too deep, and this is good for no one!
Are you the general overseer here?
Yes, I'm the general over-- Overseer?
I am frustrated because I am getting nowhere with this useless
follower, so I am glad you are here.
Let us walk over to that tranquil spot and discuss further.
-That won't be… -Director, sir,
What's going on here?
Ji-hyo, she's from your agency, isn't she? Where's Mrs. Hong? I want you
to get Mrs. Hong right now. She should really keep her actors on a leash.
I won't stand for it!
What's wrong? Has Seo-ri messed up or done something wrong already? If so, I'm
sorry. I told Mrs. Hong not to impose her just because we're in the same agency.
As the lead actress, I feel responsible.
This is exactly the reason why I told you not to hire a veteran rookie, you
stupid idiot! Did you pick her?
She's a forced hire? That sure explains a lot.
Are these people really publicly shaming me right here, in front of
my face?
Okay, since Ji-hyo is being so apologetic, I'll let it slide this
time, but no second chance. You should bow down and thank Ji-Hyo!
What was that?
No. Please, Director, calm down, there's no need for that. Since everyone
is working so hard, I'll buy everyone here a round of iced coffee
to officially celebrate the start of Season Two, okay? Come on, everyone,
-let's go! No way. No, don't worry about -Just a second, overseer!
Seo-ri, let's go. What's in store for this season? Do you know if we'll be
-Overseer? -Thank you.
-Overseer? -Able to get all the scripts?
Uh, I'm not sure yet, we have a meeting next week. I'll know more then.
Are you going to the coffee truck?
I need to eat something too.
Cut! Okay, next scene!
Thank you very much.
That vixen is marking this place as her territory and trying to show me
who's boss. How utterly dispicable. I must quickly establish my name in
this world.
Ms. Shin! Thank you for the latte.
Thank you, Lots of luck, Seo-ri!
Thanks for the coffee.
Thank you!
-Thanks. -Thank you very much.
Thanks for the coffee.
Huh? Why are they suddenly all being nice to me?
This is a pretty incredible set-up.
Your call cannot be connected and is being forwarded to a voicemail
-service… -That jerk actually blocked me.
What a little asshole.
Go get me an iced Americano with lots of ice, okay?
Sure.
Yeah, of course, understood. They said the delivery will take a while because
of the lunch rush.
You mean those aren't the coffees we ordered?
What? Hang on… Who ordered a coffee truck? Okay, then, I'll call and cancel
our order right now. Hey!
Huh?
The lead hasn't even gotten one yet. Which jerk ordered that coffee truck?
Hey, wait a second, let me see, let me see. "Brought to you by
acting legend, Ms. Shin Seo-ri?" Look at this!
So, Shin Seo-ri's the one who ordered this whole thing?
BROUGHT TO YOU BY THE ACTING VIRTUOSO, SHIN SEO-RI
This is me, everyone.
Would you look this way, please?
You're so pretty. I'm a fan of yours.
-Do you mind taking a picture with me? -Uh-huh.
One, two, three.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you again for the iced coffee, Seo-ri.
-That was really nice of you. -Thank you very much.
Thank you, everyone, thank you.
I do not think I have ever had so many people thank me for something in
my entire life. It is definitely
-better than being treated like common -Would you please look over here?
-Dirt. -Seo-ri, you're so pretty!
I am Shin Seo-ri. I am Shin Seo-ri.
Okay, now smile.
So, what do you think, Shin Seo-ri?
Is a wave of gratitude finally washing over you?
Cha Se-gye?
Don't say my name out loud.
Wait… Do you mean you did all this, Cha Se-gye?
I just told you not to say my name out loud! Jeez!
You wretched scoundrel.
Mrs. Hong, you bundled Shin Seo-ri in with me as a package deal without
asking me, and now you order a coffee truck for her?
Please, have you ever seen me waste money on things like that? There's a
hierarchy to these things. Why would I get her a coffee truck before I get
-one for you? -I…
Well, I… so, it… it wasn't you who ordered it? So, who the hell is throwing
money around like that?
Maybe it's one of her fans who sent it to her.
Oh, come on, she doesn't have any.
For goodness sake…
What are you up to? What are you scheming that you have to resort to bribery?
I guess bribery's the right word, since I do have an ulterior motive.
What's that?
So you are finally showing your true colors. So, tell me your motive.
As of today, this will be my only target.
You want my heart? What will you do with my heart?
I've made a plan to steal it from you.
You said you don't feel anything. That you felt more when you hugged that
stray mutt. You have no idea how angry that made me, I couldn't fall asleep for
days.
Whether you sleep or do handstands, I am not concerned by that.
You're acting tough again. The thing is, I realized that I'd overlooked
something.
And what was it?
That you, Shin Seo-ri, are not pure and innocent.
So, what you are saying is that I am dirty and sleazy?
No, just a damn good liar, and you would do almost anything to get what
you want. The truth is, you're a dangerous woman.
Is he saying that he has decided to cancel our contract?
But, the thing is, I can't give up because I was never taught to lose.
Doesn't matter 'cause I know I'm gonna win this time.
Or is he saying… that he wants to fight?
Is this revenge?
No, I'm surrendering. People say that, in love and war, losing is winning.
What is this? He's attacking me with his eyes.
I know I overreacted. I didn't even try to impress you with any
grand gestures. So, I suggest that we forget everything that's happened
so far, and start over.
What is this eccentricity? The earnestness of his gaze is at odds
with his foolish core. Could it be…
Tell me, do you truly yearn for my affection?
I do yearn for you.
What is this fool thinking? Why is he rushing headstrong so recklessly?
Okay, I know you're a woman, so accepting this right away would hurt your
pride, is that it? I can grant you a day or two to save face.
No need. I will give you an answer right now.
It has been the case all along, and will remain so. Cha Se-gye, listen
carefully. I do not yearn for you, and I will never, for all eternity,
yearn for you.
Oh, what a devilish scoundrel. Launching a surprise attack in close
quarters.
I am a Buddhist nun. A nun with long hair.
Hey, Shin Seo-ri. Take this, the smell is giving me a headache.
What…
-You had brought me flowers? -Don't piss me off by rubbing it in, okay?
What is going on?
Woah, that's a sports car! Shin Seo-ri actually has a real boyfriend?
I can't believe she turned me down! Not just once. She turned me down twice!
INCOMING CALL DEPARTMENT HEAD SON JAE-HAN
DEPARTMENT HEAD SON JAE-HAN
Mr. Cha, are you on your way? You have dinner at the chairman's mansion
tonight. I wanted to make sure you didn't…
Do you have any idea what kind of humiliation I've just been through
because of you?
I don't. I'm sorry, what did I do…
Why the hell did I ask a bachelor, who lives with a cat, for advice?
Shit…
I'm really sorry. Are you alright? Oh, it's you again.
Sorry?
At the shop earlier… Don't you remember?
Shop? Which shop? Have we met?
Yes, I was at the tailor's shop and I accidentally spilled coffee on you.
Now, I remember… You're quite accident-prone, aren't you?
I don't usually have a forgettable face, from what I've heard.
Please don't forget me this time and call me. The after effects of a car
accident can be awful.
"Trinice?"
It's my company. As you can see, I too, can pay for my own suits and car
repairs. So, don't hesitate to send me your medical bill.
It's the face-off of a tiger and a dragon. Of a spear and a shield,
a battle between two proud geniuses.
I thought you told me not to go on blind dates. Well, it doesn't matter
either way because, in that field, I've already struck out.
Well, maybe you've struck out domestically, but you look abroad,
plenty of women to choose from.
If your opponent is being unreasonable, be the same.
Grandfather, a cracked plate will always be a cracked plate, no
matter what country you're in.
Stop being stupid and set up a meeting for this week. I really
don't care if she can't speak Korean well.
Draw an absurd conclusion by using false logic and distortion.
I really don't have time for this.
What, exactly, are you trying to pull right now?
To think that you almost had me.
Okay, you caught me. You're so terrible at blind dates that I
thought it would be much easier for me to organize a natural encounter with
someone you could like. Why would that be so bad?
So you know about natural encounters. Either way, if she's willing to go along
with such a ridiculous stunt, I can tell she's stupid or naive.
She's an intelligent young lady who doesn't fall short of you in
any way. That's what made me change my mind.
So, you've been on a blind date with her. Well, if you like her, why don't you
-marry her yourself. -How dare you talk to me that way!
When your opponent is winning, launch personal attacks. It's the best way
to win your battle.
K.O.
I do yearn for you.
Ugh!
You think some cliché bouquet of flowers is going to make me budge an
inch? Safety and security come first… and also come second. In this life, I
will make sure to guard my heart from pain… and live to be very old.
Kang clan, Dan-sim.
Your Royal Highness, why are you here?
Well, these are my quarters. And what are you doing here?
I… I was…
What are you burying? Is it a norigae that you stole perchance?
I haven't stolen anything, sir. Do you think I look like a thief?
Ah, yes, there is that look. No need to look like a sad puppy caught in
the rain, since being lively is more like you.
Speaking of which, where is that silly puppy hiding?
You didn't chase him away, did you?
Has it… Has it died?
It has died…
and I was the one who killed it.
I doubt that is true. If you truly did kill it, you would not be making a
grave for it with such a devastated face.
I think you and I should pray at least for this poor nameless
puppy's soul. For his rebirth in the Land of Bliss.
I pray… that you be reborn as a human, and that you live a very long life.
May you live a very long life.
Why would he give me something like this?
I can't just throw away something that is so pretty.
Why would you throw away a bouquet of flowers?
Did someone confess their feelings, and you didn't like it? Was it Unit 204?
Just be quiet. Stop talking and quickly finish your laundry.
Okay, fine.
Did you watch Kingdom of Women the other day? They're finally airing
season Two!
Yoon Ji-hyo's even prettier than before. She must spend a fortune on treatments.
That vixen's dewy glow is just the result of her caked-on powder white make-up.
Why is she butting in after telling us to be quiet?
She's just dissing her because she's jealous. It's not like she's seen her
-in person. -Of course I have. I saw her yesterday.
Oh, yeah? Where?
Maybe it was at one of her part-time jobs. I hear Roof unit's a wannabe
actress.
Get outta here, that's crazy.
No, it's true, she works on set.
I don't believe it. It's not like anyone can be an actress.
Ungrateful brats!
How can they be so mean when I let them dry their laundry up here?
It is like I always say: No good deed ever goes unpunished.
I'm sending you the schedule for the Jeju Island shoot coming up in two days,
so pack your bags. Since Ji-hyo's on vacation, you can use her van and her
manager for now. The van will pick you up.
No thanks. I refuse to use anything that belongs to that vixen.
I will select someone from my own acquaintances, so no need to worry.
You haven't slept at all lately?
Every time I try to sleep, the things that piss me off pop back into my
head.
Everyone plays back what happened to them when they're in bed. Just try to
stop thinking, or try medication.
And how do I stop thinking? I've never been humiliated in my life.
I saw. Everyone is blasting you for being a heartless corporate raider.
I just can't let things stand like this. It's embarrasing.
How can I get revenge?
What do you mean by revenge? Every public opinion gets replaced by a new
public opinion. Just wait quietly. In time, it will go away.
Replaced?
Yeah. Replace. I like that. Thanks for today's consult. You're turning into
a great doctor.
Hey, take your meds, okay?
Sorry, Ms. Kim, would you mind giving these meds to Mr. Cha Se-gye?
No, I'll give them to him right now.
Oh, Mr. Son, call my grandfather now. Tell him I've agreed to go on his
blind date this week.
Mr. Cha, your medication is ready for pickup.
Listen, stop talking and just do as I say.
HANBIT MENTAL HEALTH CLINIC
DELIVERY COMPLETE
"It is formed as an autonomous organization to which all citizens have
delegated a self-governing authority."
Is it good?
Are you crazy? You should make noise instead of creeping around like a ghost.
He may be a little on the scrawny side, but he can sustain himself on
instant noodles and is exceedingly frugal. I can tell he is resourceful.
What's wrong?
Moreover, no matter how harshly I treat him, he always fights back.
That says he has far more grit than meets the eye.
So, will you be my… attendant?
What are you talking about?
What I mean is, I have chosen you to serve as my travel attendant.
Travel… attendant? What's that?
It is a person who will attend to my needs during my road travels.
You do not know what a road attendant is? You do not know what a road attendant is?
Road attendant…
Oh, a road manager?
You think I survived this long, busting my ass doing part-time jobs, day
and night, just to end up as your chauffeur? I'll have you know,
I actually have a bachelor's degree!
So, you are educated. Wonderful. That is even better for this position. I have
very high standards when selecting my underlings, yet after much
consideration, I know no one better than you.
Are you listening to me at all? It doesn't matter how desperate I
am for money, I'd have to be nuts to work for you.
How much would you be satisfied with? I will gladly meet your demands.
Meet my demands? What d'you mean, you live on the roof!
Three times your lowest current rate. Would triple pay be satisfactory?
You think you can buy me with your money? I won't do it, I tell ya!
I'm so royally screwed. I hate it that I'm so weak. But how could I say no
when she offered to pay me triple?
What are you doing? Get a move on it.
Have you been to Jeju Island? Why are you all dressed up? And what's with those
weird glasses you're wearing?
As a celebrity, I must stay vigilant at all times, and ensure I look the
part for my fans. Why are there no reporters here yet?
Yeah, sure, I get it. Today, I saw online that the boss of the company
you're shooting the ad for, is being accused of risk retention and
perverse incentives. Doesn't that bother you at all?
Why should I be concerned as long as I get paid?
Okay. Like-minded people stay together, I guess.
I'm not sure your presence is needed for the photoshoot of this campaign.
This ad campaign is the most important part of our marketing
strategy. As the client, I should be there to oversee it personally.
I was planning on using some of my saved-up vacation days on this trip.
Welcome aboard. We hope you have a pleasant flight. Welcome aboard.
I can't wait til we get there!
The things you see when you live long enough. I never would have thought I
would fly through the sky without being dead.
These.
These are very comfortable seats. I can stretch my legs and lie down.
Why did you rush off like that? I told you to wait for us to board
together.
You were taking too long. I secured good seats for us. Now, sit down.
Wait… These aren't our seats! Come on, get up, quick!
These are not our seats? Then where are our seats?
Come on, get up. These aren't ours.
Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome aboard our flight today. Please place
-your personal items above in the bin -Because that section is business class,
directly over your seat. We have a
-full flight, so your cooperation is -and this is economy. If you like
kindly appreciated. Small lightweight
-items can be placed directly under -those seats so much, you should've
the seat in front of you. Please turn
-your phones to airplane mode or off -paid for them.
Before our departure. If you need
-any assistance, please press the call -You know, I wanted to ask you
button directly over your head.
These wretched people. They should have signs with "Pauper Section," "Peasant"
and "Noblemen." Then I would have understood how this was organized.
-Just before we take off, we'll conduct -Something ever since the first time
our safety demostration to ensure you
-feel properly prepared for a safe flight -we talked together. Did you finish every
today. Your safety and experience
is our top priority.
Your vocabulary seems kind of archaic.
Level in school?
I know the language of the Continent. I have mastered the Elementary Learning.
Okay, this should be fun.
Mr. Cha, your insomnia issue is due to all your work, right?
There's been no change to your personal life?
Why? Did my grandfather call you in again to interrogate you?
No. Of course not. Nothing like that happened at all.
Well, he won't be bothering you anymore now that I'm going to do as he says.
Why did you change your mind about this? I thought you were too busy with work?
Well, it works out for me too. It's a win-win situation. Isn't it… getting too
hot in here? Is it just me?
I'll be right back.
Of course, sir. Excuse me. Could he get a glass of cold water, please?
Yes, of course.
Would you please sit still for five minutes? The people in front are staring.
I feel as though I have paid good money to be tortured. Even knee
crushing would be better.
Why? Do you always fly business class then? Just hang on for a little
while longer. I'm going to use the restroom.
Watch out, watch out, watch out, you wretch.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
I was so excited to be flying through the sky. I never thought I would be
attached and confined. I'm suffocating.
May we have your attention, please? We have a medical emergency.
If there's a medical professional on board, please notify a flight
attendant. Thank you. May we have your attention, please?
Oh, no, that's terrible.
Excuse me, is there a doctor or a nurse on board? Is there a doctor or a
-nurse on board? -Is there a doctor or a nurse on board?
Is there a doctor or a nurse on board?
Does anyone have medical training?
We're looking for a doctor.
Is there a doctor on board?
Do we know what's happening?
A doctor?
Thank you very much for coming forward. We were so worried. It's such a relief
to have a doctor on the plane.
You said this person is on the verge of death. It is a human duty to save a
life, even an enemy's.
Do you practice Korean medicine?
I am well known for my healing hands.
When I was an apprentice court lady, the palace nurses would ask me to
prick their fingers when they suffered from indigestion.
Here he is. I've found a doctor.
-Cha Se-gye? -Is he okay?
Come on, Cha Se-gye, why are you on the floor like this?
Do you know him? Oh, that's a good thing.
This cannot be fixed by pricking his finger.
Cha Se-gye, breathe. Come on, Cha Se-gye!
Wait, what are you doing? You need to start CPR.
What are you talking about?
Oh, no. Ch-Cha Se-gye! Come on, Cha Se-gye! Breathe!
-Oh, no! -Ladies and gentlemen,
-we are experiencing some turbulence. -Hey, what are you doing? Hurry!
Please return to your seats and fasten your seat belts.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are experiencing
-some turbulence. Please return to -Oh, my god!
-Your seat and fasten your seat belt. -Does it help?
Why did you do that to him?
Cha Se-gye! Cha Se-gye, wake up, wake up! Wake up, wake up! Cha Se-gye! Cha…
Cha Se-gye!
Cha Se-gye, have you finally come to?
Oh, I thought you were going to die, Cha Se-gye!
You…
Toxin…
What? Toxin? Do you need herbal medicine? I can't hear you, what you're saying!
Come on!
Like poison.
Poison?
A woman is like poison…
Cha Se-gye, Cha Se-gye! Have you lost your mind? Cha Se-gye! Open your
eyes, Cha Se-gye! Cha Se-gye!
Stop! Leave him alone now.
I'm going to try to reanimate him with the defibrillator. Everyone get
-ready. -Cha Se-gye! Cha Se-gye! No!
-Leave him alone! -Open his shirt.
-Okay, give me the defibrillator? -No! Don't die, don't die, Cha Se-gye.
Here it is, doctor.
Ma'am, please stop!
Cha Se-gye.
Charging!
Cha Se-gye! Don't die! Cha Se-gye, Cha Se-gye, don't die. No, don't die.
-Just get off! -Everyone, clear!
-No. Don't die, Cha Se-gye. No! -One,
-two, three! -No…
Safety and security come first and also come second. In this life, I will
make sure to guard my heart from pain and live to be very old.
MY ROYAL NEMESIS
Here.
You will become his paramour.
You must also have been fond of this dog. It will be grateful to you…
because… thanks to you, it will not have been too lonely here.
Kang clan, Dan-sim.
This flower would suit you well. It stands out most strikingly, just as
you do.
Do not grieve too deeply. Instead of a mutt that can't talk, you could
have a true companion. Would you like me to be that for you?
This time, have I really crossed into the afterlife?
Could this perchance be Paradise?
Very well. If I am to do this, I might as well take it all off.
Change her outfit again. Change it.
Tell me, is there a demon in your eyes?
She is the only thing you can see right now!
Why are you finding fault with every little thing today? Are you
tormenting me because I refused your affection? I am so very glad to be alive.
Let's drink!
I think the time has come. Take care of it discreetly.
Is Seo-ri still not picking up?
Did you see her? Where? Where the hell is she?